[Music]
to lash the leaves together gangs of
workers pull as one
bridges are built helping ants move
quickly around the site
[Music]
to hold their construction together they
rely on the youngest members of the
colony growth
[Music]
when they're in their final stages of
development they produce strands of silk
and make the perfect glue gun
[Music]
in just a few hours their new home is
complete their nest happens to be on a
mango farm but it's no ordinary orchard
mr. boon Chu has recruited this army of
miniature warriors to defend his fruit
they'll eat any pests and by tying these
strings between mango trees mr. boon Chu
helps the ants get to new foraging
grounds expanding their empire and
protecting his orchard
healthy ant colonies mean fewer
pesticides and the Weaver ants give the
farmer something else
mr. boon she likes to harvest their eggs
[Music]
he takes only a little from each nest
separating the ants so they can return
to their colony these eggs are a Thai
delicacy and a favorite dish of the
north
[Music]
by working with wildlife farmers in
northern Thailand are able to benefit
from nature's bounty and help it
flourish